Add name description to readme (#223)
BBC-archive/psammead: README.md

Contact us by email on [PsammeadMaintainers@bbc.co.uk](mailto:PsammeadMaintainers@bbc.co.uk), or find us on Slack at #psammead in the bbcnews workspace. 

### The name?

> <img align="right" width="200" alt="Image of the Psammead from the BBC TV program Five Children and It (2004)" src="http://www.bbc.co.uk/staticarchive/c1c9a6055cf3c6e4eb476a70186e597ea15e6cf7.jpg">

Reviewer: It kills me that we can't align image in markdown 😓

Pronounced as `sam-me-ad` 'sæmiː|æd

"The Psammead, also known as Sand Fairy, is a sapient magical creature once encountered by five children in a gravel pit".

> **P**erfectly **s**harable **a**tomically **m**odular **m**agically **e**ngineered **a**bstract **d**oodads - This is still just a bad joke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It MIGHT stand for:
**P**erfectly **s**harable **a**tomically **m**odular **m**agically **e**ngineered **a**bstract **d**oodads

Or it _might_ be named Psammead to follow the mythical creature theme of [related repos](https://github.com/BBC-News/simorgh).

We'll let you decide!
```

Contact us by email on [PsammeadMaintainers@bbc.co.uk](mailto:PsammeadMaintainers@bbc.co.uk), or find us on Slack at #psammead in the bbcnews workspace. 

### The name?

<img align="right" width="250" alt="Image of the Psammead from the BBC TV program Five Children and It (2004)" src="http://www.bbc.co.uk/staticarchive/c1c9a6055cf3c6e4eb476a70186e597ea15e6cf7.jpg">

> Pronounced as `sam-me-ad` 'sæmiː|æd

Reviewer: Checked in https://itinerarium.github.io/phoneme-synthesis/ - sounds legit! 👏
